Question :- Write a C program to read the age of a candidate and determine 
whether it is eligible for casting his/her own vote

Question :- Write a C program to accept the height of a person in centimeter and 
categorize the person according to their height

Question:-

Input Ten Number and Find Out Largest One.

Question :- 

Input Any Day Number and Display its equivalent Day Name.

If Day is 1 then Print Monday
If Day is 2 then Print Tuesday
If Day is 3 then Print Wednesday
If Day is 4 then Print Thursday
If Day is 5 then Print Friday
If Day is 6 then Print Saturday
If Day is 7 then Print Sunday
If other day is specified then print INvalid Day

Question :-

Input any three number and display which one is largest according to
given situation and result;

n1	n2	n3	Output
5	5	5	All Three Are Equal

5	5	2	First and Second Number are Largest

5	2	5	First and Third Number are Largest

2	5	5	Second and Third Number are Largest

5	1	2	First Number is Largest

5	11	2	Second Number is Largest

1	3	5	Third Number is Largest


Question :- 
If cost price and selling price of an item is input through the
keyboard, write a program to determine whether the seller has
made profit or incurred loss. Also determine how much profit
he made or loss he incurred.

Question :-
Any year is input through the keyboard. Write a program to
determine whether the year is a leap year or not.
(Hint: Use the % (modulus) operator)

Question :-
According to the Gregorian calendar, it was Monday on the
date 01/01/1900. If any year is input through the keyboard
write a program to find out what is the day on 1st January of
this year

Question :-
A five-digit number is entered through the keyboard. Write a
program to obtain the reversed number and to determine
whether the original and reversed numbers are equal or not.

Question :-
If the ages of Ram, Shyam and Ajay are input through the
keyboard, write a program to determine the youngest of the
three.

Question :-
Write a program to check whether a triangle is valid or not,
when the three angles of the triangle are entered through the
keyboard. A triangle is valid if the sum of all the three angles
is equal to 180 degrees.

Question :-
Find the absolute value of a number entered through the
keyboard.

Question :-
Given the length and breadth of a rectangle, write a program to
find whether the area of the rectangle is greater than its
perimeter. For example, the area of the rectangle with length = 5
and breadth = 4 is greater than its perimeter.

Question :-
Given three points (x1, y1), (x2, y2) and (x3, y3), write a
program to check if all the three points fall on one straight line.

Question :-
Given the coordinates (x, y) of a center of a circle and it’s radius
and we also input another point ( x1, y1 )
write a program which will determine whether a point lies inside
the circle, on the circle or outside the circle.
(Hint: Use sqrt( ) and pow( ) functions)

Question :-
Given a point (x, y), write a program to find out if it lies on the
x-axis, y-axis or at the origin, viz. (0, 0).
